From http://community.arm.com/docs/DOC-8402, dated 4 Jul 2014.

Juno Software EULA

THIS END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT ("LICENCE") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU
(EITHER A SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, OR SINGLE LEGAL ENTITY) AND ARM LIMITED ("ARM") FOR
THE USE OF THE DELIVERABLES ACCOMPANYING THIS LICENCE. ARM IS ONLY WILLING TO
LICENSE THE DELIVERABLES TO YOU ON CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS IN
THIS LICENCE. BY CLICKING "I AGREE" OR BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING OR
COPYING THE DELIVERABLES YOU INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, ARM IS
UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE DELIVERABLES TO YOU AND YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, USE OR
COPY THE DELIVERABLES, BUT YOU SHOULD PROMPTLY RETURN THE DELIVERABLES TO YOUR
SUPPLIER AND ASK FOR A REFUND OF ANY LICENCE FEE PAID.

"Juno ARM Development Platform" means a hardware development board purchased
directly from ARM or its authorised distributors.

"Deliverables" means any software, firmware, boardfiles, data and documentation
accompanying this Licence, any printed, electronic or online documentation
supplied with it, and any updates, patches and modifications ARM may make
available to you under the terms of this Licence, in all cases relating to the
supporting deliverables for the Juno ARM Development Platform

"Separate Files" means the separate files identified in Part D of the Schedule.

1.  LICENCE GRANTS.

(i)  DELIVERABLES: ARM hereby grants to you, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Licence, a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence solely for use on a
Juno ARM Development Platform and only for the purposes of your internal
development, testing and debugging of software applications that are designed to
run solely on microprocessors manufactured under licence from ARM, to:

(a) use and copy the Deliverables identified in Part A of the Schedule;

(b) use, copy and modify the Deliverables identified in Part B and Part C of the
Schedule;

(c) distribute and sub-license to third parties the right to use, copy and
modify the Deliverables identified in Part C(i) of the Schedule, or your
derivatives thereof, as part of your own products ("Licensed Products")
provided you comply with the terms of Clause 1(ii);

(d) permit either or both your customers and your authorised distributors to
redistribute the Deliverables identified in Part C(i) of the Schedule, or your
derivatives thereof, solely as part of Licensed Products developed by you or
your permitted users (identified in clause 2 paragraph three below).

Except as permitted by clause 1(i)(b) above, you shall not modify the
Deliverables.  Except as permitted by clauses 1(i)(c) and 1(i)(d) above, you
shall not redistribute any of the Deliverables.

(ii)  FURTHER CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO REDISTRIBUTION AND SUB-LICENSING: If you
choose to redistribute the Deliverables identified in Part C(i) of the Schedule
("Example Code") you agree: (a) to ensure that they are licensed for use only as
part of Licensed Products and only on microprocessors manufactured or simulated
under licence from ARM; (b) not to use ARM’s or any of its licensors names,
logos or trademarks to market the Licensed Products; (c) to include valid
copyright notices on the Licensed Products, and preserve any copyright notices
which are included with, or in, the Example Code; (d) to comply with all the
other terms of this Licence; and (e) to ensure that any further redistribution
is limited to redistribution by either or both your customers and your
authorised distributors only as part of Licensed Products developed by you or
your permitted users and only for use on microprocessors manufactured or
simulated under licence from ARM and  that your customers  and authorised
distributors comply with the terms of this clause 1(ii).

2.  RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF THE DELIVERABLES.

COPYING: You shall not use or copy the Deliverables except as expressly
authorised in this Licence. You may make one additional copy of the delivered
Deliverables media or image for backup or archival purposes.

PERMITTED USERS: The Deliverables shall be used only by your employees, or by
your bona fide sub-contractors for whose acts and omissions you hereby agree to
be responsible to ARM to the same extent as you are for any acts and omissions
of your employees, and provided always that such sub-contractors; (i) work only
onsite at your premises; (ii) comply with the terms of this Licence; (iii) are
contractually obligated to use the Deliverables only for your benefit, and (iv)
agree to assign all their work product and any rights they create therein in
the supply of such work to you. Only the single individual, company or other
legal entity to whom ARM is supplying this Licence may use the Deliverables.
Except as provided in this clause, you shall not allow third parties (including
but not limited to any subsidiary, parent or affiliated companies, or offsite
contractors you may have) to use the Deliverables unless ARM specifically agrees
otherwise with you on a case by case basis.

NO REMOTE USE: The Deliverables shall only be used onsite at your premises and
only for your benefit.

MULTIPLE VERSIONS: The media on which the Deliverables resides may contain more
than one version of the Deliverables, each of which is compatible with a
different operating system (such as Microsoft Windows XP Professional and Red
Hat Linux).

ACADEMIC OR EDUCATIONAL USERS ONLY: If you or your employer or institution paid
academic or educational pricing for the Deliverables, or the Deliverables are
identified as an academic or educational version (together "Academic Software"),
then notwithstanding anything else in this Licence, YOU AGREE TO USE THE
ACADEMIC SOFTWARE ONLY FOR ACADEMIC, NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES, AND ARM DOES NOT
GRANT YOU ANY RIGHTS TO DISTRIBUTE OR SUB-LICENSE ANY APPLICATIONS DEVELOPED
USING THE ACADEMIC SOFTWARE UNDER THIS LICENCE.

REVERSE ENGINEERING: Except to the extent that such activity is permitted by
applicable law you shall not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of
the Deliverables. If the Deliverables were provided to you in Europe you shall
not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of the Deliverables for the
purposes of error correction.

BENCHMARKING: This licence does not prevent you from using the Deliverables for
internal benchmarking purposes. However, you shall treat any and all
benchmarking data, and any other results of your use or testing of the
Deliverables which are indicative of performance, efficacy, reliability or
quality, as confidential information and you shall not disclose such information
to any third party without the express written permission of ARM.

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF LICENSED RIGHTS: The rights granted to you under
this Licence may not be assigned, sublicensed or otherwise transferred by you
to any third party without the prior written consent of ARM. An assignment shall
be deemed to include, without limitation; (i) any transaction or series of
transactions whereby a third party acquires, directly or indirectly, the power
to control the management and policies of you, whether through the acquisition
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; or (ii) the sale of more than
fifty percent (50%) of the your assets whether in a single transaction or series
of transactions.  You shall not rent or lease the Deliverables. You shall not
share the Deliverables with contractors (except as identified in the ‘PERMITTED
USERS’ clause above) or other third parties.

COPYRIGHT AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: The Deliverables are owned by ARM or its
licensors and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws
and international treaties. The Deliverables are licensed not sold. You acquire
no rights to the Deliverables other than as expressly provided by this Licence.
You shall not remove from the Deliverables any copyright notice or other notice
and shall ensure that any such notice is reproduced in any copies of the whole
or any part of the Deliverables made by you or your permitted users.

3.  SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE.

If you purchased the Deliverables directly from ARM, and you are not receiving
them as an update or upgrade or as Academic Software (defined in Clause 2), you
are entitled to reasonable support and maintenance for the Deliverables for the
period of one (1) year from the date of purchase. The support will be provided
on any version of the Deliverables which, at the date of your support request,
are either; (a) the current version made generally available by ARM; or (b) the
previous version made generally available by ARM at some time during the
previous ninety (90) days.

Support will be provided by telephone, email or other written format designated
by ARM, prioritised at ARM’s discretion, and may not be used as a substitute for
training or as additional resource for your programming projects.  Maintenance
will be provided in the form of upgrades, updates and patch releases to the
Deliverables as and when they are made generally available from ARM.

ARM’s obligation under this Clause 3 is limited to the provision of support and
maintenance to you and ARM is under no obligation to provide any support and
maintenance to any third parties under this Licence. If you purchase support and
maintenance for additional years it will be provided pursuant to this Clause 3
and will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Licence.

If; (i) you obtained the Deliverables from an ARM authorised reseller or other
third party; (ii) Deliverables were provided free of charge or for evaluation;
or (iii) it is Academic Software, you are not entitled to any support for the
Deliverables from ARM, but ARM may, at its sole discretion provide limited
support to you. The vendor of the Deliverables may or may not offer support to
you for the Deliverables. Please refer to the Technical Support area of
http://www.arm.com for contact details for ARM’s support service and (if
applicable) other authorised support channels.  ARM shall be under no obligation
to provide support in respect of any modifications (where permitted) to the
Deliverables.

4.  CONFIDENTIALITY.

You acknowledge that the Deliverables and any benchmarking data and related
information mentioned in Clause 2 contains trade secrets and confidential
material, and you agree to maintain all such information in confidence and
apply security measures no less stringent than the measures which you apply to
protect your own like information, but not less than a reasonable degree of
care, to prevent their unauthorised disclosure and use. Subject to any
restrictions imposed by applicable law, the period of confidentiality shall be
indefinite. You agree that you shall not use any such information other than in
normal use of the Deliverables under the licences granted in this Licence.

Notwithstanding the foregoing you may disclose the Deliverables identified in
Part C(i) of the Schedule to third parties solely in exercise of the licence
rights contained in Clause 1(i)(c) of this Licence.

5.  LIMITED WARRANTIES.

For the period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt by you of the
Deliverables, ARM warrants to you that (i) the media on which the Deliverables
are provided shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship under
normal use; and (ii) the Deliverables will perform substantially in accordance
with the accompanying documentation (if any). ARM's total liability and your
exclusive remedy for breach of these limited warranties shall be limited to ARM,
at ARM's option; (a) replacing the defective Deliverables; or (b) using
reasonable efforts to correct material, documented, reproducible defects in the
Deliverables and delivering such corrected Deliverables to you. Any replacement
Deliverables will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty
period or thirty (30) days, whichever is the longer.

EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, YOU AGREE THAT THE DELIVERABLES ARE LICENSED "AS IS",
AND THAT ARM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR
OTHER TERMS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON- INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL LIABILITIES AND RISKS, FOR USE OR OPERATION OF SOFTWARE
APPLICATIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, APPLICATIONS DESIGNED OR INTENDED
FOR MISSION CRITICAL APPLICATIONS, SUCH AS PACEMAKERS, WEAPONARY, AIRCRAFT
NAVIGATION, FACTORY CONTROL SYSTEMS, ETC. SHOULD THE DELIVERABLES PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
CORRECTION.

6.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
LOSS OF PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE DELIVERABLES
WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM UNDER CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ARM
WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

ARM does not seek to limit or exclude liability for death or personal injury
arising from ARM's negligence or ARM’s fraud and because some jurisdictions do
not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages the above limitation relating to liability for consequential
damages may not apply to you.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS LICENCE, THE MAXIMUM
LIABILITY OF ARM TO YOU IN AGGREGATE FOR ALL CLAIMS MADE AGAINST ARM IN CONTRACT
TORT OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LICENCE
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF; (I) THE TOTAL OF SUMS PAID BY YOU TO ARM (IF
ANY) FOR THIS LICENCE; AND (II) $10 USD.

THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE OR EXTEND THE LIMIT.

7.  THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

The Separate Files are delivered subject to and your use is governed by their
own separate licence agreements. This Licence does not apply to such Separate
Files and they are not included in the term "Deliverables" under this Licence.
You agree to comply with all terms and conditions imposed on you in respect of
such Separate Files including those identified in the Schedule ("Third Party
Terms").

ARM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED FROM ANY THIRD
PARTIES REGARDING ANY SEPARATE FILES, ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS INCLUDED IN THE
DELIVERABLES, ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS FROM WHICH THE DELIVERABLES ARE DERIVED
(COLLECTIVELY "OTHER CODE"), AND THE USE OF ANY OR ALL THE OTHER CODE IN
CONNECTION WITH THE DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY WARRANTIES
OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

NO THIRD PARTY LICENSORS OF OTHER CODE SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER MADE UNDER
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR
DISTRIBUTION OF THE OTHER CODE OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED UNDER
EITHER OR BOTH THIS LICENCE AND THE LEGAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO ANY SEPARATE
FILES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

8.  GOVERNMENT END USERS.

US Government Restrictions: Use, duplication, reproduction, release,
modification, disclosure or transfer of the Deliverables is restricted in
accordance with the terms of this Licence.

9.  TERM AND TERMINATION.

This Licence shall remain in force until terminated by you or by ARM. Without
prejudice to any of its other rights if you are in breach of any of the terms
and conditions of this Licence then ARM may terminate this Licence immediately
upon giving written notice to you. You may terminate this Licence at any time.
Upon termination of this Licence by you or by ARM you shall stop using the
Deliverables and confidential information and destroy all copies of the
Deliverables and confidential information in your possession together with all
documentation and related materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except where
ARM has terminated this Licence for your breach, your rights to distribute the
Example Code as part of Licensed Products developed prior to termination shall
survive termination of this Licence, subject to the terms of this Licence. The
provisions of Clauses 4, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 shall survive termination of this
Licence.

10.  GENERAL.

This Licence is governed by English Law. Except where ARM agrees otherwise in;
(i) a written contract signed by you and ARM; or (ii) a written contract
provided by ARM and accepted by you, this is the only agreement between you and
ARM relating to the Deliverables and it may only be modified by written
agreement between you and ARM. This Licence may not be modified by purchase
orders, advertising or other representation by any person. If any clause or
sentence in this Licence is held by a court of law to be illegal or
unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Licence shall not be affected
thereby. The failure by ARM to enforce any of the provisions of this Licence,
unless waived in writing, shall not constitute a waiver of ARM's rights to
enforce such provision or any other provision of this Licence in the future.

The Deliverables provided under this Licence are subject to U.S. export control
laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated
regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other
countries. You agree to comply fully with all laws and regulations of the United
States and other countries ("Export Laws") to assure that the Deliverables, are
not (1) exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws, either to
any countries that are subject to U.S.A. export restrictions or to any end user
who has been prohibited from participating in the U.S.A. export transactions by
any federal agency of the U.S.A. government; or (2) intended to be used for any
purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including, without limitation, nuclear,
chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.

To the extent that the provisions contained in this Licence conflict with any
provisions of any other licence you have entered with ARM governing the
Deliverables the provisions contained in this Licence shall prevail over and
shall supersede any such conflicting provisions.


SCHEDULE

Part A

Hardware Binaries:
FPGA bitstream file for any or all of the Hardware Source identified below in
this Part A

Software Binaries:
Motherboard configuration controller
Daughterboard configuration controller
Daughterboard Application note SelfTest
SCP firmware
Mali GPU driver

Documentation:
Documentation, provided as PDF

Hardware Source
Hardware netlists of the ARM CoreLink peripheral technology and components known as TLX-400, NIC-400, and PL330

Part B

Wrapper:
Application Note wrapper file provided as hardware source files and netlists.

Part C: Example Code
(i) Platform specific libraries and source code.
(ii)    ARM source code of Application note SelfTest.

Part D: Separate Files
A.    UEFI firmware, including drivers for third party components licensed to
you under BSD 3-Clause.
B.    Linux kernel licensed to you under the GNU General Public License version
2.0

To the extent that ARM is obliged to do so, ARM hereby offers to supply the
files which are subject to the GNU General Public Licence version 2 (identified
above), in source code form, subject to the terms of the GNU General Public
License version 2, upon request. This offer is valid for three (3) years from
the date of your acceptance of this Licence.

C.    ARM Trusted Firmware licensed to you under BSD 3-Clause.

/end

ARM contract references: LES-PRE-20435 JUNO ARM DEVELOPMENT PLATFORM DELIVERABLES
